# A most powerful moment-based test for the distribution of random coefficients

This repository contains the latest version of the working paper titled ''A most powerful moment-based test for the distribution of random coefficients'' by Hippolyte Boucher, Gokçe Gökkoca, and Max Lesellier. Replication files for both the simulations and application are available upon request. Contact the writers at **hippolyte.boucher.mail@gmail.com**, **gokce.gokkoca@analysisgroup.com**, and **max.antoine.lesellier@umontreal.ca**. Do not copy or share without the authors' consent.


## Abstract
Random coefficients are a powerful tool to incorporate unobserved heterogeneity in econometric models. While for estimation purposes, it is common to specify a parametric family for the distribution of random coefficients, an inaccurate specification can significantly bias the empirical predictions, especially when studying the distributional effects of a policy. In this paper, we develop a simple yet powerful moment-based specification test for the distribution of random coefficients. The moment conditions chosen for the test are designed to maximize the power of the test when the distribution of random coefficients is misspecified. We show that our test is applicable to a wide class of random coefficient models and can be used to discriminate between competing specifications. We conduct extensive Monte Carlo simulations to assess the performance of our test and we illustrate its empirical relevance by selecting the best-fitting specification for price sensitivity in demand estimation for the German automobile market.
